generic:sycl: Inner Product Backward (#2360)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: src/gpu/generic/sycl/README.md

## Inner Product

The implementation supports both forward and backward directions.

* Supported formats: All plain formats are supported.
* Supported data types: All possible data combinations as listed in the specification are supported.

> * Supported post-ops: All the post-ops as mentioned in the specification are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported post-ops: All post-ops mentioned in the specification are supported.
```

> * The backward pass does not support post-ops. One should not use post-ops in the forward pass during training

Reviewer: I think this sentence could be included in a note format as opposed to listing this as a bullet. 

```suggestion
Note: The backward pass does not support post-ops. You should not use post-ops in the forward pass during training.
```

Reviewer 2: Alternatively "post-ops should not be used in the forward pass during training"
